we begin in Gaza where despite growing
pressure at home and abroad Israel's
forces are carrying out continued
attacks across the strip at least seven
people have been killed in a drone
strike on a car in central Gaza a child
is among those who have died their
bodies and others injured have been
taken to the AL AXA hospital that
facility has become increasingly
overburdened and there is a dwindling
amount of supplies since Israel is
blocking relief from being brought in
from key Crossings in the southern Gaza
Strip there's no letup in Israeli
strikes and shelling on Rafa tanks and
troops are entering more parts of the
southern city defying international
calls to stop the offensive including
from Israel's closest allies there are
no longer any functioning hospitals in
Rafa Palestinians in Northern Gaza have
been told that the area they live in now
is a disaster Zone including the jabalia
refugee camp rescue workers in the camp
have recovered more than 50 bodies after
finally being able to reach the area
that brings the number of bodies
reportedly recovered since the end of
Israel's 3-we operation there to 120 the
Israeli military has destroyed 50,000
homes in the north let's bring in Al
jazer hanim Mahmud for the latest on the
situation in Gaza on the ground there
he's joining us on De Bala in the center
of the strip so new attacks honey on
Central Gaza tell us about what's
happened in the last hour or so
yes what we're what we are in fact
seeing is more of a surge in the attacks
not only across the central area as just
within the past few minutes the loud
explosions could be heard uh very close
to the eastern part of D B City and
parts of a n refugee camps and we're
still waiting for the reports of the
nature of what happened but those
explosions were quite loud they
resulting from air attacks have being
carried out by the attack jits and by
the almost nonstop constant artillery
Shilling of the Eastern area that is not
only happening today but has been going
on for the past months and since the
initial weeks of this genocidal War as
everybody started to realize this is
part of Israeli strategies of building a
buffer zone that is already shrinking
the size of the Gaza street but just the
past hour this site right here went to
quite a quickly from pretty relatively
quiet and calm into a side of chaos
going on as a a drone struck a group of
people uh and a car on one of the major
roads in the Central Area the western
part of zaa
neighborhood all the people who brought
to the hospital were in fact dead
already pronounced dead on the way to
the hospital just within the past few
minutes the last body was taken to a
burial site where remaining family
members gathered here at the courtyard
of the hospital six people pronounced
were killed and were pronounced dead
right at the spot including one child
and still ambulance were dispatch and
bringing more of these recent attacks
yeah some very difficult images there
from uh Central Gaza honey in the North
in the jabalia refugee camp well
Palestinian authorities have declared
that area a disaster area what does that
mean for the people who still live there
well you know the past 20 days have been
quite difficult we're not talking about
that the 20 days were the Israeli
military was operating aggressively they
were the culmination of eight months of
War and the Israeli military decided to
go back to jabali refugee camp after it
has
relentlessly attacked it by land air and
sea going one more time uh to jab
destroying the remaining facilities
including evacuation centers
Health public health facilities and
schools and infrastructure leaving the
entire area with completely eroded uh
social services and completely
eliminating all means of life in the
area people who are are able to get back
to these area describing uh very dire
situations right now with nothing left
for them to sustain their life for the
coming uh years we're talking about an
area that turned from quite densely
populated with all the necessary needs
available into a wasteland right now
including water wells public facilities
infrastructure Health Facilities that
are completely now out of service
whatever is remain of these Health
Facilities is nothing more than a
standing skeleton nothing more a morg to
receive bodies that are collected from
the streets or removed from uh under the
rubbles maybe the hardest part of what
we seen it from the northern part is the
many bodies that are removed from under
the rubel completely deceased skeletons
the calls of the children women and
elderly collected it from sites and
areas which was very difficult for the
paramedics and the Civil defensive crew
members on the ground to reach to but
they are able right now there is a total
of at least 70 of these bodies already
collected but the the inability and the
lack of equipment make it the job of
civil defensive crew on the ground quite
difficult there's still need more more
efforts needed more time needed to
remove these rubbles and remove more
bodies we reports of entire families
that have gone missing as well but the
worst of it is the complete elimination
of of Social Services on the ground
honey thank you very much that's Al jaaz
honey Mahmud reporting their live from d
albala in central
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer